.TH PTEXT 1 2024-1-24 LINUX

.SH NAME
ptext \- A nano like text editor built with pure C.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ptext
[\fIoptions\fR] [\fIfile\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ptext
is a small text editor based on kilo that edits file.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
outputs version information and exits.

.SH EDITING
Editing a file is fairly easy; you start the editor and start typing the letters that you want.
You can move around with the arrow keys and delete characters with backspace or delete key.

.SH KEY BINDINGS
.BR Ctrl\-Q
Exit ptext.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-S
Write the currently open file on the disk.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-F
Search on the currently open file.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-R
Search and replace on the currently open file.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-A
Go to the beginning of the line.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-E
Go to the end of the line.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-U
Go to the first line of the currently open file.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-D
Go to the last line of the currently open file.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-X
Delete the line that the cursor is on.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-.
Enter a editor command.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-B
Move to previous buffer.
.TP
.BR Ctrl\-O
Move to next buffer.

.SH BUGS
.TP
You can report any bugs to \fIhttps://github.com/proh14/ptext/issues\fR.


.SH AUTHOUR
.TP
Mainly developed by \fIproh14\fR. You can see other contributers in the github page \fIhttps://github.com/proh14/ptext\fR. Note that this program is based on kilo, which is developed by \fIantirez\fR.

.SH COPYRIGHT
.TP
BSD 2-Clause License

.SH HOMEPAGE
.TP
.I https://github.com/proh14/ptext

.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
\fBptextrc\fR(5)
